README.md, before:

# number_to_words

This is a **library that converts a number to words**. It is written completely in rust and does not require any third-party dependencies. It allows the entering of custom place value words to extend the algorithm to numbers of technically infinite size, although practically this implementation is limited by the size of the Rust integer data types.

## Examples

- `unsigned_number_to_words(0)` => `"zero"`
- `unsigned_number_to_words(12)` => `"twelve"`
- `unsigned_number_to_words(1993)` => `"one thousand nine hundred ninety-three"`
- `signed_number_to_words(-2234444)` => `"negative two million two hundred thirty-four thousand four hundred forty-four"`

## Files

- _lib.rs_ is the _library_
- _main.rs_ is just an _interactive REPL_ using the library

## REPL

The main.rs file is a REPL that allows numbers to be entered and the word form to be viewed using the number_to_words library.

- _Clone_ the repository
- Make sure you have _cargo_ ([install rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install))
- _Run the following command_ in the terminal while in the cloned directory

```shell
cargo run
```

Commit message:

Version 1.0.0 - finally arbitrary length and better docs

README.md, after:

# number_to_words

This is a **robust library that converts a number (or, more specifically, an integer) to words**. It is written completely in Rust and does not require any third-party dependencies. It allows the entering of custom place value words (e.g., "thousand", "million", etc.) to extend the algorithm to numbers of arbitrary length, and it accepts the number as a string input instead of as a Rust integer to enable the conversion of _arbitrarily large numbers_.

There is only one public function, `number_to_words`, which accepts two parameters: the integer as a string and an array slice of strings representing the place values ("thousand", "million", etc.). If the place values are not provided, the default ones are used, which go up to a decillion (far beyond the maximum size of a u64). The function returns an `Option<String>` with the converted number as a string.

## Applications

- Text to speech applications
- Financial applications (words often have to be used in financial documents with or in place of digits)
- Education applications
- More things I can't think of right now

## Examples

- `number_to_words("0", None).unwrap()` => `"zero"`
- `number_to_words("12", None).unwrap()`=>`"twelve"`
- `number_to_words("1993", None).unwrap()`=>`"one thousand nine hundred ninety-three"`
- `number_to_words("-2234444", None).unwrap()`=>`"negative two million two hundred thirty-four thousand four hundred forty-four"`

## Limitations

This library is very powerful, but there are a few things to be aware of.

- The library does not handle decimals. It only converts integers. No extra characters within the number are allowed (besides an optional negative sign `-` at the start).
- The library is based on the English system of number groupings (groups of three digits), so it may not work as expected with other numbering systems.

## Files

- _lib.rs_ is the _library_
- _main.rs_ is just an _interactive converter_ using the library

## Interactive Converter Usage

- _Clone_ the repository
- Make sure you have _cargo_ ([install rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install))
- _Run the following command_ in the terminal while in the cloned directory

```shell
cargo run
```

- Enter `quit` to exit the program
